To familiarize yourself and to get started with Platform for Situated Intelligence, we recommend you begin with the [Brief Introduction](Brief-Introduction), which provides a guided walk-through for some of the main concepts in \\psi. It shows how to create a simple program, describes the core concept of a stream, and explains how to transform, synchronize, visualize, persist and replay streams from disk. We recommend that you first work through the examples in this tutorial to familiarize yourself with these core concepts. 

In addition, a number of tutorials, samples, and other resources can help you learn more about the framework, as described below:

__Tutorials__. Several [tutorials](Basic-Tutorials) are available to help you get started with using Platform for Situated Intelligence. We recommend beginning with the [Writing Components](Writing-Components) tutorial, which explains how to write new \\psi components, and the [Pipeline-Execution](Pipeline-Execution) and [Delivery Policies](Delivery-Policies) tutorials, which describe how to control the execution of pipelines and how to control throughput on streams in your application. A number of additional tutorials provide information about the set of [basic stream operators](Basic-Stream-Operators) available in the framework, as well as stream operators for [fusion and merging](Stream-Fusion-and-Merging), [interpolation and sampling](Interpolation-and-Sampling), [windowing](Windowing-Operators), and [stream generation](Stream-Generators).

__Other Topics__. Several documents provide information about various specialized scenarios such as running distributed Platform for Situated Intelligence applications via [remoting](Remoting), [bridging to Python, JS, etc.](Interop), [shared objects and memory management](Shared-Objects), etc.

__Samples__. Besides the tutorials and topics, it may be helpful to look through the set of [Samples](Samples) provided. While some of the samples address specialized topics such as how to leverage speech recognition components or how to bridge to ROS, reading them will give you more insight into programming with \\psi.

__Components__. Additional useful information regarding available packages and components can be found in the [NuGet packages list](List-of-NuGet-Packages) and in the [component list](List-of-Components) pages.
The latter page also has pointers to other repositories by third parties containing other \psi components.

__Documentation__. Like the rest of the codebase, the documentation available in this wiki is still under construction and in various phases of completion. If you need further explanation in any of these areas, please open an issue, label it [`documentation`](https://github.com/Microsoft/psi/labels/documentation), as this will help us target our documentation development efforts to the highest priority needs.
